There seems to be a ';' missing at the end of your line of code. Check the specified line to ensure that there is a ';' to complete the line.
There seems to be a ')' missing at the end of a statement. Check the specified line to ensure that each '(' has it's respective ')' to complete the pair.
There seems to be a '{' missing at the beginning of a class declaration or a loop/conditional statement. Ensure that each loop, logic, or conditional statement has a '{' right after the '()' or class declaration segment. Don't forget the matching '}' at the end!
The compiler found an error in your code when attempting to locate a class for a '}' perhaps you added one too many '}' at the end of your code. Check the specified line to ensure that all '{' have a corresponding '}' to complete the pair.
The compiler found an error in your code when attempting to locate a '}' to close off a class in your code. Ensure that each '{' has a corresponding '}' to complete your code and resolve the error!
There seems to be a '"' missing at the end (or beginning) of a string declaration. This could be in a print statement or a String declaration. Check the line number of the error and ensure that each '"' has a corresponding '"' to complete the pair.
If you are working with multiple classes, ensure that each class is closed off with a '}' before declaring the next class. If attempting to declare a variable inside of a class, ensure that no access modifier is used before the declaration. Finally, ensure that whatever action you are attempting is a valid action within the Java language (Ex. i+; is not valid).
The compiler has located a word which is not a reserved word, declared variable, or method. Go to the location specified by the program and and review the code to check for spelling mistakes. Also check to see if the variable you are referring to has been declared. If you are referring to a class, such as Scanner, ensure that it is properly imported.
It seems that you are attempting to assign a double value to an integer data type. Please check the specified line to ensure that the variable is either changed to a double or the value is converted to an integer before assignment.
There seems to be an error in one of your method declarations. Head to the specified position and ensure that the method has a return type. If creating a setter method, the return type should be void. (Ex. public void methodName() {}). if creating a getter method, ensure the return type is the correct and desired type.
There seems to be an error in one of your methods. Head to the specified location and ensure that if you have a class that is not void (not a setter), there is a return statement (return x;) at the end which returns a variable with the same data type as that declared at the beginning of the class.
The compiler has located an error in your code. Head to the specified position and ensure that you are not trying to assign a variable a value that it cannot hold (Ex. int num = 3.2;). Double check to make sure each variable can hold the data being assigned to it.
The compiler is unable to locate a statement within your code. Head to the specified position and ensure that each statement can be accessed by the code. An example of an unreachable statement is a statement after a break in a loop, or code written after a return statement.
The compiler has located an error in your code. Head to the designated position and ensure that you haven't assigned a variable with a data type it is unable to hold (Ex. Boolean tf = 4;). Boolean values are unable to hold integer data.
The compiler was unable to find a value in one of your return statements. head to the specified position and ensure that each return statement is returning a value. No return statement should look like (return;) it should be (return x;) where x is the variable, or return value.
The compiler has located an error in your code. head to the specified position and ensure you are not trying to return a value from a class declared as void. To do this, you will have to either create a method with a different return type, or remove the return statement.
The compiler has located an error when compiling your code. Head to the specified location and ensure than you are declaring all variables as static unless they are inside of either the main method, or a static class created outside of the main method. The main method cannot access non-static variable which are created outside of the main method or in another non-static class.
It would seem that you are attempting to access a non-static method from a static context. If trying to access a non-static method from the main method, you must first create an instance of this class within the main method (Ex. Function f = new Function) and then attempting to access that classes methods using the new object. Otherwise, declare the class as static.
The compiler has located an error while compiling your code. This error occurs when the file name does not match the name of the class you are trying to create. Check the public class statement at the beginning of your program and ensure it has the same name as the java file you are working on.
It would appear that you are attempting to execute code outside of a method. Head to the specified position to ensure that all code you write is located inside of a method so you do not get this error. Check all '{' to ensure they match up with all '}' and you have no extra '}'s.
The compiler has noticed a section of code which is located outside of a method or class. Ensure that all '{' match up with a '}' and that everything you are declaring or coding is inside of a method or class.
It seems like you are trying to pass parameters to a class which are invalid. If you are initializing a method, head to the specified location and ensure that the parameters listed in the class are met when passing them in the object initialization (Ex. for: public Constructor(String s, int i) {}, declaration should be: Constructor con = new Constructor(String s, int i)).
The modifier you used is not allowed to be used on this class. Head to the designated location and ensure that classes that are not located in a separate file or outside of the public class holding the main method do not have an access modifier other than public. This will take the error away.
