There seems to be a ';' missing at the end of your line of code. Check the specified line to ensure that there is a ';' to complete the line.
There seems to be a ')' missing at the end of a statement. Check the specified line to ensure that each '(' has it's respective ')' to complete the pair.
There seems to be a '{' missing at the beginning of a class declaration or a loop/conditional statement. Ensure that each loop, logic, or conditional statement has a '{' right after the '()' or class declaration segment. Don't forget the matching '}' at the end!
The compiler found an error in your code when attempting to locate a class for a '}' perhaps you added one too many '}' at the end of your code. Check the specified line to ensure that all '{' have a corresponding '}' to complete the pair.
The compiler found an error in your code when attempting to locate a '}' to close off a class in your code. Ensure that each '{' has a corresponding '}' to complete your code and resolve the error!
There seems to be a '"' missing at the end (or beginning) of a string declaration. This could be in a print statement or a String declaration. Check the line number of the error and ensure that each '"' has a corresponding '"' to complete the pair.
The compiler has located an error when attempting to compile your code. If you are working with multiple classes, ensure that each class is closed off with a '}' before declaring the next class. If attempting to declare a variable inside of a class, ensure that no access modifier is used before the declaration.
The compiler has located a word which is not a reserved word, declared variable, or method. Go to the location specified by the program and and review the code to check for spelling mistakes.
The compiler has found an error in your code. Head to the specified location and ensure that you are not trying to cast a data type to another data type which is incompatible. Ex. double - int. Check all return statements to ensure the return type is satisfied.
